you
in my book I show how to make a
greenhouse that is very simple and
pretty inexpensive - it's made out of
PVC pipes 3/4 inch ones and plastic
sheeting and clips and it it really adds
about three months of harvest to your
vegetable growing efforts if you want to
try to build one and I wanted to show
you really how much food you can get out
of this area that is about six feet wide
by 8 feet long now I must have about 50
beets growing in there and they're going
to be feeding us for many months and
then next to that I have about a dozen
Swiss chard plants and two kinds of
lettuces now we've been eating lettuce
for the past month and it's just been
really delicious to have fresh salads
every single night now to the right of
the lettuce we have kale plants I
probably have 15 kale plants there and
you know kale is one of those vegetables
that it really helps prevent cancer it
has the sulfur in it now to the right of
the kale there's about 40 parsnips
coming along and it's just been great
germination rate inside the greenhouse
for the parsnips and then along the side
I have carrot plants they had a little
trouble germinating but they're still
coming along it's I guess they need
warmer germination temperatures and then
the spinach inside we've also been
eating for weeks and weeks and we just
pick leaves we don't pick the plants and
if you do this technique just picking
the leaves your spinach plants will
continue to make new green growth and
you can be eating spinach first many
many many weeks
so I just wanted you to see how much
food you can really get out of the six
by eight foot area it's the center
square plan with the working area in the
center and I just find it remarkable how
much food comes out of that space and
then in the summer time when all of this
food is harvested we'll try to eat it
all up by July I'm going to cover this
greenhouse with some shade cloth and
start an early fall crop so that's the
greenhouse thanks for listening
you